 This role is within Internal Audit Unit. The purpose of the role is to provide independent engagement assurance through leading the engagement team and effective project management of engagements, to provide quality, efficient and effective assurance and influence business managers to improve controls and produce high quality written audit reports and assist in providing solutions for identified control issues.

What the Business Does :
The Role is in Internal Audit unit and will report to Line Manager - Senior Audit Manager.


Your responsibilities :
As an Audit Manager – Risk Capital your key responsibilities will be:

    To drive assurance for regular audit engagements on stress testing, ICAAPs, capital management and risk capital models.
    To support the engagement assurance planning, ensuring coverage of all key risks, dovetailing with other 2nd / 1st line IA assurance, complying with regulatory requirements for Internal Audit, and deploying resources to best use.
    To lead and undertake key aspects of the assurance fieldwork, taking responsibility for the work undertaken by the team being delivered on time, fit for purpose and providing reliable evidence to support issues and opinions.
    To lead and project manage the engagement team, making best use of their capability.
    To provide timely and well positioned feedback on team and individual performance.
    To leverage IA’s industry leading audit methodology and tools.
    To ensure compliance with Global Methodology within engagements and accurately keep the audit management tool (TRAC) up to date.
    To effectively contribute to IA departmental initiatives as directed (such as virtual teams, departmental projects).
    To build on an excellent IA position and influence the evolution of the control framework.
    To efficiently and effectively manage key stakeholders within the engagement to ensure sufficient understanding of business risks and open and effective discussion on key issues.
    To produce effective engagement reports which articulate risks and issues effectively
    To be an ambassador for IA, demonstrating professional behaviours and helping to build on the reputation and integrity of the function.
    To efficiently deliver audit engagements using tools and resources appropriately.
    To deliver to time and budget.
    Proactive identification and effective management and/or escalation of conduct risk to deliver key customer outcomes.
    Three Lines of Defence Risk Management
    Acting on behalf of the Board and the Executive to provide independent assurance over the key risks to the organisation, which includes an assessment of material elements of the control framework.
    Determine whether RBS Risk Management has established an appropriate risk management framework.
    Provide senior executives with relevant internal management information, insight and opinions.

The skills you will need:

    Extensive knowledge of at least one of the following within a financial institution: Stress Testing, ICAAP, Capital Management, Risk Capital Models including credit risk model, forecasting, and risk appetite.
    Experience in internal audit or project management is essential
    Proven competence to deliver projects on time and to budget.
    An ability to actively identify and help develop talent.
    A good understanding of the relevant Capital Requirements Regulations and other relevant regulatory requirements
    Experience in dealing with senior stakeholders.
    Along with professional qualifications you need to quickly learn and adapt to changing environment, customer centric, make sound business decisions, and act with integrity

Why RBS?
RBS doesn't just provide you with an exciting work and a generous pay
package. We take pride in ensuring your personal and professional
developments are first and foremost. You will have access to a range of
development and learning programs, services, and support designed to
help you manage and balance your work/life priorities.

Whether its retirement planning, supporting a charity close to your
heart or taking care of your well-being, RBS makes sure you are taken
care of. For more information on our benefits, please visit our website.

At RBS, our purpose is to serve customers well. We serve around 24
million customers across the globe, and our aim is to consistently meet
their needs wherever they find us. Our ambition is to become the UK's
number-one bank for customer trust, service, and advocacy by 2020. Our
global workforce is integral to helping us achieve this goal.

With colleagues across 5 main states, and connected across-the-globe by
common values and a unified ambition, RBS India delivers vital bank
functions that help us offer truly round-the-clock support to our UK
customers, and 24/7 banking to our international customers.

RBS welcomes applications from all sections of the community.