Responsibilities and Duties

He will take responsibility to relocate German chemicals manufacturing operations to Vapi and shall oversee desired export quality output confirming to European Chemical manufacturing standards.

Key result areas include providing operational support for quality control, liaison with contract manufacturing vendors of photo imaging chemicals and related products from stage of conducting trial runs to stabilising the operations. Experience and technical know how to achieve given production quality within given cost and time constraints, confirming to international standards is a key requirement. He will be required to lead a team of Quality control engineers.

He will nurture and control vendor relationships and product quality for the company’s project for contract manufacturing of a range of photo-imaging chemicals and allied products in and around Vapi region. He will also be responsible for managing the complete operations for warehouse and inventory.

Travel : willingness to travel within India and abroad (if required).

Languages : English language fluency is a must. Familiarity with Gujarati or Hindi

Required Experience, Skills and Qualifications

Engineering graduate + Masters from any field (preferred, not mandatory). Techno-commercial professional with 15 to 20 years of experience from photo-imaging chemicals manufacturing industry. Desired experience in handling production, materials purchase, quality control, vendor management, inventory management and warehousing.

Product segment : relevant experience in manufacturing/sales specifically of ‘photo-imaging chemicals’, that is, those chemical products purchased by customers in photo-imaging industry, for example, imaging chemicals purchased by leading global brands such as Fuji/Kodak/Epson/Xerox/Canon/other leading MNC brands) for printing/imaging application segments (company names are mentioned for explanatory, indicative and illustrative purpose only).

Personality and Skill set: looking for a dynamic self-driven person having lot of initiative, positive attitude, excellent oral, written and personal communication & presentation skills, good at handling vendor negotiations and leadership qualities, a good relationship manager with internal and external stakeholders. Ability to work in a team as well as independently is a must. Proficiency in basic computer programs like MS word, internet and familiarity with working in an automated, software-aided manufacturing environment is assumed.

Benefits

Remuneration : Matching to industry standards (negotiable)

How to apply : apply with CV within 15 days through email mentioning position applied for, in subject line and details like notice period, current and expected CTC in covering letter.

Job Type: Full-time

Experience:

    chemicals manufacturing, QC and warehouse management: 10 years (Required)